mr cox mr cox
give him a minute son stewie cox needs
to think about his entire life before he
plays
from the time he was a boy ain't no
six-year-old
understand the true meaning of the blues
i reckon i might
[Music]
i don't know
it's the devil's music
[Music]
from the guy who brought you talladega
knights and super bad you've
got to give up you're never gonna make
it
maybe you don't believe in me after all
i do believe in you
i just know you're gonna fail columbia
pictures presents
the epic journey welcome to the top of a
mountain easy it's a long hard walk
but i will walk hard
of the man who became a legend
walk hard the beatles want to hang out
so i'm gonna go do that with meditation
there's no limit to what we can
imagine this christmas leaving you
you can take the children but you leave
me my monkey
when it comes to music ain't good enough
to follow elvis there's two things you
need to know
i'm a king and number two look out man
you see how close i came to your head i
could chop a man in half i'm guilty as
john no legend is bigger
than cox you met my new wife sheryl cox
t thanks buddy holly what do you think
george harrison the one
the only dewey cox and thank you eddie
vader
[Applause]
what happened to you dewey i don't know
but i know what happened to you
patrick duffy took a beating
[Music]
my life has been blessed from my singing
to my family
to my sausage it doesn't say cox unless
i say it tastes like [ __ ]
[Music]
you